## Inspiration
Starting this Monday at least small shops can finally open again in Germany. This will be a challenge because there are hygiene regulations to comply with, like distancing measures. 
Many of the bigger supermarket chains enforced this by hiring security companies. We want to make the queueing process a better experience both for shops and customers.

## What it does
SmartQ helps people to find stores, supermarkets and co in times of long queues due to the heavy regulations made because of the coronavirus. Furthermore, do the shop owner benefit from the use of SmartQ. With the integrating counting system, do the leaders of small or medium-sized shops get a handy managing system, to controll and regulate the flow of persons into their facilities. 

To achieve this, the security guard can simply sign up on our platform and update the number of people going in and out. The portal keeps track of the number of people in the shop and in the queue and provides the security guard with important information on how to manage the queue.

All in all, does SmartQ help the people to manage their day more efficiently by estimating waiting times for mandatory activities such as shopping of groceries, and furthermore does SmartQ support Shopowners in their duty to keep its customer safe and fit.  

## What's next for SmartQueue
The current implementation of a counter, still needs an authorized employee. In the future we are planning to enhance the service, buy automated counting of people. Therefore, we can already think about the use of cameras and vision technologies, Motion sensors in the entries of shops as well as QR codes which can be scanned by the entering customers.

The data generated by the shops can be analyzed to give them useful insights about their customer traffic.


All in all, do we as the team of SmartQ help to bring the people through these heavy times of the coronavirus. With these words in mind: STAY HEALTHY !  
